# Overview Techmely Products

## Ideas

We build a product mix between Medium + Coursera + LinkedIn + Goals Gamification. A product we(us) actually want to use.

Instead of using some platforms in a time, we can use only one and can have the data from 3 domains to rivese the way we work with.

The Target Market is Global, anyone can use, focus on the knowledge/competior class. Anyone always want to **CONNECT** the people same or higher level than they, to make friends, build teams to do something crazy or find a master for them - in a **fun & interesting** way.

The pain-points is they dont have a place like that in a platform & they dont have enaugh data to figure out what they want & the system cannot suggest well enaugh in the mutiple-dimentions.

I think the USP right now is that is a product I love to build & play with that products! We will always talk to customer for what they want in this product!

## Business Model

We focus on build the SAAS products is primarily subscription-based, come with the freemium features.

## Revenue Streams

### Subscription Fees

This product offers a range of plans, including Standard, Pro & Infinite Plans, with prices ranging from $10 to 20$ per month. Users choose a plan based on their needs and the level of advance features they require to this product. The subscription fees are charged on a monthly or annual basis, grating users the ability to do more things with the product like customization their brand.

### Marketplace

A place for people can:

- Find the treasures/resources to

## Cost Structure

### Data Collection/FineTunning

### Server Costs

### Assets Storage Costs

- The custom

- Freemium
  - Customization
  - Push to the top ranking
- Crowdfunding for person/organization --> Earn commission
- Affiliate
- Personalized UX's Ads
- Connect the people with real-data

## Customer

### Individual

- Write/Record/sell your articles/books/courses in a place
- Analyze all the above things ---> Their unique knowledge tree, can hierarchy to other
- Connect with the same people like them
- Play the game to improve them-self, in a natural way
- AI Bot Individual with your unique knowledge tree

### Organization

- Everything of individual
- Organization Reputation/Ranking
- Anyone can access the knowledge tree of each-other(if having access)
- AI Bot Organization with the organization knowledge tree

## Product

### The first 10 features(Stable MVP)

- User
  - CRUD an user
  - CRUD a cluster user
  - Authentication
    - Basic with email/password
    - With Provider
      - Google
      - Github
      - Twitter
      - Apple
  - Authorization
    - ACL
- User Preferences
  - Locale
  - IP
- Multi-tenant
- **Articles**
  - Read/Write/Update/Draft/Delete
  - Share
  - Realtime Collaboration Writing - Local First
  - Reaction/Comment Collaboration
  - Draw in articles
- **Credit System**
- Courses
- Series
- Organization
- AI BOT

## Coding

### Tech Stack

Frontend: Vike + React + Tanstack Query(server-state) + Zustand(client-state)
Backend: Cloudflare Worker base on HonoJs
Infras: Deploy to Cloudflare Pages/Worker or AWS Startup

### Quality Control

- Overall code coverage minimum 70%
- 100% test UI/e2e for the marked critical features
- Follow project guideline, coding convention
- Automate run jobs to
  - Upgrade deps (1 month)
  - Run e2e test (2 days)
- All the error will be captured & handled
